Update write-document.md to make it generic for different doc versions (#228)
pingcap/tidb-dev-guide: src/contribute-to-tidb/write-document.md

## Where you can contribute

The TiDB community provides bilingual documentation. The [English documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/) is maintained in the [pingcap/docs](https://github.com/pingcap/docs) repository (docs repo) and the [Chinese documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/) is maintained in the [pingcap/docs-cn](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn) repository (docs-cn repo). You are welcome to contribute to either of the repositories.

In addition, you are also welcome to contribute to the [TiDB Operator documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-tidb-operator).

This guide walks you through what and how you can contribute to the TiDB bilingual documentation in docs-cn and docs repos.

## What you can contribute

You can start from any one of the following items to help improve the TiDB [English documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/) or [Chinese documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/).

- Fix typos or format (punctuation, space, indentation, code block, etc.)
- Fix or update inappropriate or outdated descriptions

> - Add missing content (sentence, paragraph, or new document)

Author: ```suggestion
- Add missing content (sentence, paragraph, or a new document)
```

    To keep a consistent style for diagrams, we recommend using [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) to draw or design diagrams. If you need to draw a diagram, refer to the guide and use shapes or colors provided in the template.

> ### Learn about doc versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Learn about documentation versions
```

> Currently, we maintain versions of TiDB documentation using branches, each doc version with a separate branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use separate branches to maintain different versions of TiDB documentation.
```

> ### Learn about docs versions

Author: ```suggestion
### Learn about doc versions
```

Currently, we maintain versions of TiDB documentation using branches, each doc version with a separate branch.

- The [documentation under development](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev) is maintained in the `master` branch.
- The [published documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/) is maintained in the corresponding `release-<verion>` branch.
- The [archived documentation](https://docs-archive.pingcap.com/) is no longer maintained and does not receive any further updates.

### Use cherry-pick labels

As changes to one doc version often apply to other doc versions as well, we introduce ti-chi-bot to automate the PR cherry-pick process based on cherry-pick labels.

- If your changes apply to only one doc version, just create a PR based on the branch of the doc version. There is no need to add any cherry-pick labels.

> - If your changes apply to multiple doc versions, instead of creating multiple PRs, you can just create one PR based on the latest applicable branch, and then add one or several `needs-cherry-pick-release-<version>` labels to the PR according to the applicable doc versions. Then, after the PR is merged, ti-chi-bot will automatically create the corresponding cherry-pick PRs based the branches of the specified branches.

Author: ```suggestion
- If your changes apply to multiple doc versions, instead of creating multiple PRs, you can just create one PR based on the latest applicable branch, and then add one or several `needs-cherry-pick-release-<version>` labels to the PR according to the applicable doc versions. Then, after the PR is merged, ti-chi-bot will automatically create the corresponding cherry-pick PRs based on the branches of the specified versions.
```
